fix: Updated the Query Executed Log description (#794)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/advanced-concepts/audit-logs.md

| **query.created** | Logged when a new query is created. |
| **query.updated** | Logged when a user edits an existing query's configuration. |
| **query.deleted** | Logged when a query is deleted. |

> | **query.executed** | Logged when an existing query runs. This applies both in Edit and View modes. We include the execution parameters of the query in the log, up to a limit of 5 MB. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **query.executed** | Logged when an existing query runs. This applies both in Edit and View modes. The execution parameters of the query are included in the log up to a limit of 5 MB.  |
```
